[USING] fix PayJoin (#805)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/PayJoin.md

1. Load a wallet and open the `Send` tab.

> 2. Request from the receiver a [BIP21 Bitcoin URI](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-21-uri-scheme) with the flag `pj=` and paste it into the address field of the `Send` tab.

Author: I added this to make clear that the bip 21 comes from the receiver. A user asked this in the chat. 

@yahiheb could you please review, and then give a final merge ACK/NACK?

> 2. Request from the receiver a [BIP21 Bitcoin URI](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-21-uri-scheme) with the flag `pj=` and paste it into the address field of the `Send` tab.

Reviewer: Maybe we should remove the flag part?
```suggestion
2. Request from the receiver a [BIP21 Bitcoin URI](/using-wasabi/BIPs.md#bip-21-uri-scheme) and paste it into the address field of the `Send` tab.
```

Author: well, if it's a BIP21 that does not have the pj flag, then it will just do a regular tx, no payjoin...

## The goal of PayJoin

PayJoin is a collaborative transaction between the sender and the receiver of a payment, for example the merchant and the customer.
The goal of the protocol is to break the common input ownership heuristic, while making it difficult to fingerprint that the transaction is in fact a CoinJoin.
Further, it reduces the transaction fees paid by the merchant due to consolidation of coins.

Wasabi diverges from [the initial BIP 79 Bustapay proposal](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0079.mediawiki), the details of the implemented specification are [documented here](https://docs.btcpayserver.org/features/payjoin/payjoin-spec).

## Coordination

The coordination of this CoinJoin is done with the PayToEndPoint [P2EP] concept.

> The receiver is reachable over the internet, either over a Tor hidden service or clearnet IP address, and accepts incoming connections to it.

Reviewer: This sentence is not clear to me, if we remove `either over a Tor hidden service or clearnet IP address` we end up with
`The receiver is reachable over the internet and accepts incoming connections to it.` which doesn't make sense.

Author: ```suggestion
The receiver is reachable over the internet, either over a Tor hidden service or clearnet IP address.
```

The link is included in a BIP21 Bitcoin URI, and is provided to the sender as the payment invoice.
The sender uses this hidden service or IP address to connect to the server of the receiver and communicate the further protocol.

> The coordination is usually done within seconds, and will abort to the fallback transaction after for example two minutes if the connection breaks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The coordination is usually done within seconds, and will abort to the fallback transaction after some time if the connection breaks.
```

First and foremost, the common input ownership heuristic is broken, meaning that the inputs do not belong to one single entity, but to several of them.
This breaks one of the most important assumptions of transaction surveillance companies.

> Contrarily to other CoinJoin implementations, the outputs are not of equal value, so it is not obvious that this transaction is in fact a CoinJoin, and that the assumption is wrong.

Reviewer: I don't think that last part is necessary.
```suggestion
Contrarily to other CoinJoin implementations, the outputs are not of equal value, so it is not obvious that this transaction is in fact a CoinJoin.
```
